This station broadcasts the latest news
Lin's Group
The world's largest new energy project
Because of the delay in the construction process, the builder's project payment
Mass strike
This project has only been handed over to you for a few days
You had such a big accident
There's been a lot of hype about this.
The whole Internet is denouncing us
The stock market opens today
Group shares fell by the direct limit
Our Lin's Group has been established since then
Nothing like this has ever happened before
I told you so.
Hand in such an important project
Give him stubbornness
How could he?
I really don't know what President Nalan thinks
He insisted on handing this project over to the Rebellion Palace
If it is handed over to Chu Wushen
That's it. That won't happen.
Make such a thing
President Nalan will surely regret it too
Why don't you hand over the project to Chu Sheng now?
Try to recover the loss
So when President Nalan asks
It also calms the anger as much as possible
Mom, if you give me this project now
I must work hard
Diligent
do your best
Make up for his frequent damage to the company's reputation
Ah Chen, I report
He Lin Fan changed the project plan without authorization
And increase the investment amount from 10 billion to 100 billion
This is to bring our Lin's Group
As for doom?